“He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.”
“In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.”
“Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.”
“If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.”
“The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.”
“Quickness is the essence of the war.”
“Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.”
“The art of war is of vital importance to the State. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.”
“There is no instance of a nation benefiting from prolonged warfare.”
“There are not more than five musical notes, yet the combinations of these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard. There are not more than five primary colours, yet in combination they produce more hues than can ever been seen. There are not more than five cardinal tastes, yet combinations of them yield more flavours than can ever be tasted.”
“Who wishes to fight must first count the cost.”
“You have to believe in yourself.”
“Build your opponent a golden bridge to retreat across.”
“One may know how to conquer without being able to do it.”
“What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.”
“The wise warrior avoids the battle.”
“The whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that he cannot fathom our real intent.”
“One mark of a great soldier is that he fight on his own terms or fights not at all.”
“If the mind is willing, the flesh could go on and on without many things.”
“He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious.”
“Anger may in time change to gladness; vexation may be succeeded by content. But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; nor can the dead ever be brought back to life."
“There are roads which must not be followed, armies which must not be attacked, towns which must not be besieged, positions which must not be contested, commands of the sovereign which must not be obeyed.”
“Attack is the secret of defense; defense is the planning of an attack.”
“Great results can be achieved with small forces.”
“Opportunities multiply as they are seized.”
“If quick, I survive. If not quick, I am lost. This is death.”
“To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.”
“Bravery without forethought, causes a man to fight blindly and desperately like a mad bull. Such an opponent, must not be encountered with brute force, but may be lured into an ambush and slain.”
“Wheels of justice grind slow but grind fine.”
“Never venture, never win!”
“The skillful tactician may be likened to the shuai-jan. Now the shuai-jan is a snake that is found in the Ch’ang mountains. Strike at its head, and you will be attacked by its tail; strike at its tail, and you will be attacked by its head; strike at its middle, and you will be attacked by head and tail both.”
“It is easy to love your friend, but sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is to love your enemy.”
“Be where your enemy is not.”
“Who does not know the evils of war cannot appreciate its benefits.”
“In battle, there are not more than two methods of attack–the direct and the indirect; yet these two in combination give rise to an endless series of maneuvers.”
“Plan for what it is difficult while it is easy, do what is great while it is small.”
“The opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.”
“Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits, cannot be had by analogy, cannot be found out by calculation. It must be obtained from people, people who know the conditions of the enemy.”
“If you fight with all your might, there is a chance of life; where as death is certain if you cling to your corner.”
“Do not swallow bait offered by the enemy. Do not interfere with an army that is returning home.”
“We cannot enter into alliances until we are acquainted with the designs of our neighbors.”
“When the outlook is bright, bring it before their eyes; but tell them nothing when the situation is gloomy.”
“The worst calamities that befall an army arise from hesitation.”
“If there is disturbance in the camp, the general’s authority is weak.”
“Hence that general is skillful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skillful in defense whose opponent does not know what to attack.”
“Those skilled at making the enemy move do so by creating a situation to which he must conform; they entice him with something he is certain to take, and with lures of ostensible profit they await him in strength.”
“Energy may be likened to the bending of a crossbow; decision, to the releasing of a trigger.”
“When your army has crossed the border, you should burn your boats and bridges, in order to make it clear to everybody that you have no hankering after home.”
“There are five dangerous faults which may affect a general: (1) Recklessness, which leads to destruction; (2) cowardice, which leads to capture; (3) a hasty temper, which can be provoked by insults; (4) a delicacy of honor which is sensitive to shame; (5) over-solicitude for his men, which exposes him to worry and trouble.”
“Ponder and deliberate before you make a move.”
“Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.”
“We know what we are, but know not what we may be.”
“Sweet are the uses of adversity which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, wears yet a precious jewel in his head.”
“Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.”
“Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.”
“Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown.”
“How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?”
“Nothing can come of nothing.”
“How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.”
“What’s done can’t be undone.”
“Though she be but little, she is fierce.”
“No legacy is so rich as honesty.”
“This above all; to thine own self be true.”
“I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.”
“The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.”
“The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.”
“One touch of nature makes the whole world kin.”
“What is past is prologue.”
“Small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast.”
“Sweet mercy is nobility’s true badge.”
“‘Tis not enough to help the feeble up, but to support them after.”
“Neither a borrower nor a lender be.”
“Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.”
“I bear a charmed life.”
“Heat not a furnace for your foe so hot that it do singe yourself.”
“Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough.” 
“Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.”
“You have no responsibility to live up to what other people think you ought to accomplish. I have no responsibility to be like they expect me to be. It's their mistake, not my failing.” 
“I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something.”
“The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.”
“I... a universe of atoms, an atom in the universe.” 
“Religion is a culture of faith; science is a culture of doubt.”
“The highest forms of understanding we can achieve are laughter and human compassion.”
“Physics isn't the most important thing. Love is.”
“I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned.”
“I'm smart enough to know that I'm dumb.”
“I think it's much more interesting to live not knowing than to have answers which might be wrong"
“We are trying to prove ourselves wrong as quickly as possible, because only in that way can we find progress.”
“If you thought that science was certain - well, that is just an error on your part.” 
“There are 10^11 stars in the galaxy. That used to be a huge number. But it's only a hundred billion. It's less than the national deficit! We used to call them astronomical numbers. Now we should call them economical numbers.”
“For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.”
“I don't know what's the matter with people: they don't learn by understanding, they learn by some other way — by rote or something. Their knowledge is so fragile!”
 “My life is a rather grim one. One day I shall perhaps describe it to you in great detail.”
“The only excursion of my life outside of New Orleans took me through the vortex to the whirlpool of despair: Baton Rouge. . . . New Orleans is, on the other hand, a comfortable metropolis which has a certain apathy and stagnation which I find inoffensive.”
“I should perhaps warn you that I am about to faint from anxiety and general depression, though. The film I saw last night was especially grueling, a teen-age beach musical. I almost collapsed during the singing sequence on surfboard.”
"Having once been so high, humanity fell so low. What had once been dedicated to the soul was now dedicated to the sale."
"I am at the moment writing a lengthy indictment against our century. When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip."
"You could tell by the way he talked, though, that he had gone to school a long time. That was probably what was wrong with him."
"Oh, Fortuna, blind, heedless goddess, I am strapped to your wheel,' Ignatius belched, 'Do not crush me beneath your spokes. Raise me on high, divinity."
"I mingle with my peers or no one, and since I have no peers, I mingle with no one."
"Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve."
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."
"I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel."
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage."
"The best revenge is massive success."
"Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is."
"An unexamined life is not worth living."
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now."
"People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing. That’s why we recommend it daily."
"There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing."
"In following him, I follow but myself;"
"Fall seven times and stand up eight."
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see."
"If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on."
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing."
